the crime
we are more workers
Jesus told him I am the way the truth and the truth and the life
nobody comes to the father but for me
the wet road in the state of new york united states the sign of
its inhabitants that is the way the truth and the life
the truth is not convenient the Catalan we do not know where to go the purpose is not
possible to attend
know the way through the communities of the world and the problems
what will you find
know the way to eternal life to know the truth that the scriptures
truth is that they are above
knowledge the narrowing of the human mind from the skeletons of the church
He also added the truth for these days with the receipts
you know life city of bogotá sep explanation you are at peace with yourself
with your god and with others is living fully
or simply that you have for the pleasures
if you think you can find a better way
learn better truth and enjoy a better life
remember that then a response from your entities
before they happened
that he was the way the truth and life announced to his disciples demand
if I knew that this would become the secrets of the challenge
and therefore he said of
my father's house many abodes asia
it was just barely to help for us isabel is the way
tomás speaking for the group said the many Christians take us away or israel
He said he did not know the amount of s / although the testicles had been with
jesus in the diana marchand talking about the kingdom selection still thought he
was about to establish a kingdom on this earth
but it is not a stretch and the diocese was disregarded the curtain to receive
It is logical that in a few words what had been hired assassins for years
these were his words are the same as we always need to remember to
jorge aguilar
let's follow the path of truth and life
so he has explained
Let's see